 Solomon Malick, President and CEO of Peak Government Affairs (PGA), started his career as a

contract lobbyist at his father’s firm, CNM Enterprises Inc. in early 2005. As an associate at 

CNM, Solomon represented a variety of sectors including small business, education, renewable 

energy, mental health and infrastructure.  Specifically, Solomon has successfully lobbied to 

reform aspects of Colorado’s education system, improve renewable energy standards in the state, 

protect small business interests and improve living and care standards for Coloradans living with 

mental health conditions.  Upon his father’s retirement in 2013, Solomon founded Peak 

Government Affairs where he continues to aggressively advocate for his clients’ interests 

through the legislative and regulatory process.

Over ten years of lobbying in Colorado, Mr. Malick's successes have been based on several 

basic principles: 

 strong vote counting and support from client expertise, grassroots and media, create the 

best avenue for executing legislative solutions and maintaining a consistently growing 

profile for the client; 

 advance building of coalitions and stakeholder partnerships form the most 

effective foundation for success; and 

 spreading the political net as wide as possible makes issue viability more realistic and 

attainable 

Solomon created PGA to continue his work in giving a voice to important issues at the Colorado 

State Capitol.  He has worked tirelessly to build relationships on both sides of the aisle, within 

the Governor’s office, and with his peers in the lobby. He also understands the importance 

creating relationships with stakeholders, a process unique to each individual issue. When 

working with stakeholders and coalitions, Mr. Malick not only strives to understand the client’s 

issue and position nuances, but also to understand the same for all parties involved, including 

those opposed to his client’s position. A comprehensive appreciation for all angles of an issue 

dynamic, afford insights that prove integral for success.  Forging important relationships and an 

understanding of stakeholder perspectives have allowed him grow his client profiles, and most 

importantly, to achieve legislative and regulatory wins on their behalf.  

Prior to his lobbying career, Solomon attended Colorado State University and pursued a career in 

emergency medicine and wild land fire suppression with the United States Forest Service and the 

U.S. Department of the Interior.  He currently lives in Englewood, Colorado with his wife Dana.